# 100% Winning Quotex Sureshot Pattern

## Introduction

In this article, we will discuss 20 of the most popular and 100% winning
Quotex sureshot patterns. We will also cover the system requirements for
Android, iOS, and PC, as well as download instructions for each
platform. We will also provide a detailed Quotex trading guide, covering
registration, how to start trading, demo account, mobile trading,
bonuses and promo codes, troubleshooting, and FAQs.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/4_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

## Pattern Type 1: 2 Green 2 Red Pattern (Live Market)

If the market respects the resistance level, strikes and takes reversal
then the next candle will be Red colour following the first Red candle.

!["2](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic1.jpg\%22){green=""
2="" red="" pattern="" 100%="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot=""
pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 2: Side Ways Pattern (Live Market)

If 1 ST Candle is Green colour, 2nd Candle is Red colour & 3 rd Candle
is Green colour with a "wick breaking down" then 4th candle will be a
sure shot in Red colour.

!["SIDE](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic2.jpg\%22){ways=""
pattern="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot="" pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 3: OTC Market -- 9 Candle Pattern (OTC Market)

This Pattern works in either Uptrend or Downtrend. In Downtrend, if find
8 candles back to back Red colour then the 9th Candle will be a sure
shot in Red colour. In Uptrend, if we find 8 candles back to back Green
candles then the 9th Candle will be a sure shot in Green colour.

!["9](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic3.jpg\%22){candle=""
pattern="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot="" pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 4: 1 Red 2 Green Pattern (Live Market)

1 st Red candle's tail should be longer than the 2nd Green candle's Head
which will make the 3rd candle as Green & a sure shot in UP direction

!["1](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic4.jpg\%22){red=""
2="" green="" pattern="" (live="" market)="" quotex="" sureshot=""
pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 5: Side Way Pattern (Live Market)

2 Red candles (Back to Back) but the head (wick) of 2nd Red Candle
should not break out by 1 st Red Candle then 3 rd Candle will be Green
and 4th Candle will be our sure shot as Red Candle. Note: Tail (Wick) of
first 2 Red Candles should be Longer.

## Pattern Type 6: Live Market Pattern

1 st Red Candle, 2nd Green Candle, 3 rd Red Candle then 4th Red Candle
is a sure shot.

## Pattern Type 7: Live Market Pattern

1 st Red Candle & 2 back to back normal body Green Candle then 4th
candle will be Red as a sure shot.

## Pattern Type 8: Live Market Pattern Winning Quotex Sureshot Pattern

1 st Green Candle & 2 back to back normal body Red Candle then 4th
candle will be Green as a sure shot.

## Pattern Type 9: Live Market Pattern

3 Back to back Green Candles and 1 Red Candle (Tail should be longer)
then 4th candle will be Green as sure shot.

## Pattern Type 10: Live Market Pattern

3 Back to back Red Candles and 1 Green Candle (Head should be longer)
then 4th candle will be Red as sureshot.

## 30 Second Chart / 30 Second Trade (Live Market)

3 Normal back to back Red Candles, 1 Green Candle which should not break
previous 3 Red Candles, then 5th Candle will be Green as sureshot.

!["3](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic5.jpg\%22){normal=""
to="" back="" red="" candles="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot=""
pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 12 (Winning Quotex Sureshot Pattern)

2 Minute Chart / 2 Minute Trade (Live Market) 2 Red Candles and 2 Green
candles which should not break out the first "2 Red Candles" and it
should not close too far from the Horizontal line. (Normal body candles
shape is very important for this pattern)

## Pattern Type 13

2 Minute Chart / 2 Minute Trade (Live Market) If the market is retesting
a "Resistance level" several times and if it breakouts the resistance
level then there is a reversal candle as a sure shot.

### For Example: (Winning Quotex Sureshot Pattern)

The support level is to follow in the same way which means if the market
breakdown the support level after retesting it several times then the
reversal candle will be in a shape of green candle.

## Pattern Type 14

LIVE/OTC MARKET PATTERN Draw a Horizontal Line (SUPPORT LINE) between
first 2 Green Candles after the Red Candle and wait for the market to
break that support level with a Red candle then trade in the same
direction. The Resistance level is to follow in the same way.

## Pattern Type 15

PATTERN TYPE 15 MAGIC "V" PATTERN (LIVE/OTC MARKET) If market makes a
movement in "V" Pattern and breakout the horizontal line then a sure
shot will take place in opposite direction. Same pattern can be followed
for Inverted "V" Pattern too,

## Pattern Type 16

UPTREND PATTERN (OTC MARKET) 3 to 4 Back to back Green Candles (Normal
body is very Important) and 1 Red candle then next will be a Green
candle as a sure shot.

!["3](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic6.jpg\%22){4=""
to="" back="" green="" candles="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot=""
pattern"=""}

## Pattern Type 17

DOWNTREND PATTERN (OTC MARKET) 3 to 4 Back to back Red Candles (Normal
body is very Important) and 1 Green candle then next will be a Red
candle as a sure shot.

## Pattern Type 18 in Quotex Sureshot Pattern

SIDE WAY PATTERN (LIVE/OTC MARKET) When market creates 1 Long Red Candle
(Marubozu Candlestick) 3 back to back normal body Green Candles & 1 Red
candle (These 4 candles should not breakout the resistance level of
first long Red Candle neither wick nor body) then next will be a Red
Candle as a sure shot. If loss, MTG1 (1 step only) can be taken if you
have a good money management.

## Pattern Type 19

SIDE WAY PATTERN (LIVE/OTC MARKET) When market creates 1 Long Green
Candle (Marubozu Candlestick) 3 back to back normal body Red Candles & 1
Green

